
EX-2.1
2
ex2-1.htm

Unassociated Document




SECURITIES
PURCHASE AGREEMENT

THIS
SECURITIES PURCHASE AGREEMENT (the “Agreement”) is
entered into effective as of April 21, 2010 by and among Atwood Minerals &
Mining Corp. a Nevada corporation (the “Company”), Phreadz
USA, LLC, a Nevada limited liability  company (the “Target”), and the
members of Target (the “Selling Members”)
listed on Exhibit A attached hereto.

RECITALS
 
A.           The
Company has authorized capital stock consisting of 525,000,000 shares of common
stock (“Common
Stock”), $0.001 par value, of which 42,700,000 shares are issued and
outstanding.
 
B.           Target
has authorized membership units consisting of 27,074 limited liability company
units (the “Target
Units”) issued and outstanding and held by the Selling
Members.
 
C.           The
Selling Members wish to sell, and the Company wishes to purchase, all of the
Target Units on the Closing Date (as defined below), in exchange for an
aggregate of 21,659,200 shares of Common Stock (the “Shares”).

AGREEMENT
 
It is
agreed as follows:
 
1.           Securities
Purchase and Reorganization
 
1.1          Agreement to Exchange
Securities.  Subject to the terms and upon the conditions set
forth herein, each Selling Member agrees to sell, assign, transfer and deliver
to the Company, and the Company agrees to purchase from each Selling Member, the
Target Units owned by the respective Selling Member as set forth on Exhibit A
attached hereto, in exchange for the transfer, at the Closing, by the Company to
each Selling Member a pro rata share of the Shares, as determined
herein.  The number of Shares that each Selling Member is entitled to
receive at the Closing as determined hereunder is set forth opposite each
Selling Member’s name on Exhibit A.
 
1.2.         Instruments of
Transfer.
 
(a)           Target
Units.  Each Selling Member shall deliver to the Company an
Assignment of Membership Unit Agreement, in form and substance satisfactory to
the Company, for purposes of assigning and transferring all of their right,
title and interest in and to the Target Units.  From time to time
after the Closing Date, and without further consideration, the Selling Members
will execute and deliver such other instruments of transfer and take such other
actions as the Company may reasonably request in order to facilitate the
transfer to the Company of the securities intended to be transferred
hereunder.
 


 



1





 



(b)           The
Shares.  The Company shall deliver to the Selling Members on
the Closing Date original certificates evidencing the Shares, in form and
substance satisfactory to the Selling Members, in order to effectively vest in
the Selling Members all right, title and interest in and to the
Shares.  From time to time after the Closing Date, and without further
consideration, the Company will execute and deliver such other instruments and
take such other actions as the Selling Members may reasonably request in order
to facilitate the issuance to them of the Shares.
 
1.3           Closing.  The
closing (“Closing”) of the
exchange of the Target Units and the Shares shall take place at the offices of
Indeglia & Carney, P.C., 1900 Main Street, Suite 300, Irvine, CA 92614, or
such other location as mutually agreed upon, at 10:00 a.m. local time on the
next business day following satisfaction or waiver of all closing conditions set
forth in Article 5 of this Agreement or such later date or time as the parties
hereto may agree in writing (the “Closing
Date”).
 
1.5           Tax Free
Exchange.  The parties intend that the transaction under this
Agreement (together with the Securities Purchase Agreement between the Company,
Phreadz USA LLC and the members of Universal Database of Music USA LLC of even
date herewith (the “UDM Purchase
Agreement”) qualify as a tax-free exchange under Section 351 of the
Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended.
 
1.6           Directors.  At
the Closing, the parties shall take all actions necessary to cause each of those
persons set forth on Exhibit B attached hereto and incorporated herein by
reference to be appointed as a new director of the Company (each, a “Target Director” and
collectively, the “Target Directors”)
and each such Target Director will hold office until the earlier of his/her
resignation or removal or until his/her respective successor is duly elected and
qualified, as the case may be.
 
1.7           Officers.  At
the Closing, the parties shall take all actions necessary to cause the existing
officers (the “Existing Officers”)
of the Company to be removed as officers of the Company and each of those
persons listed on Exhibit C attached hereto and incorporated herein by reference
to be appointed as an officer of the Company (each, a “Target Officer” and
collectively, the “Target Officers”),
each such Target Officer holding that title as is set forth opposite its
respective name on Exhibit C.
 
2.           Representations, Warranties and
Covenants of the Selling Members.  Each Selling Member
severally represents, warrants and covenants to the Company with respect to
himself, as follows:
 
2.1.           Title to
Units.  Each Selling Member is the sole record and beneficial
owner of the Target Units held by such Selling Member, free and clear of all
liens, encumbrances, equities, assessments and claims, and that there are no
warrants, options, subscriptions, calls, or other similar rights of any kind for
the issuance or purchase of any of the Target Units or other securities of the
Target held by such Selling Member.  Upon delivery of the Target Units
by each Selling Member and payment of the Shares in full by the Company pursuant
to this Agreement, each Selling Member will transfer to the Company valid legal
title to the Target Units held by such Selling Member, free and clear of all
restrictions, liens, encumbrances, equities, assessments and claims (other than
any restrictions, liens, encumbrances, equities, assessments or claims as may
arise from or as a result of (i) restrictions under applicable Federal and state
securities laws, and (ii) any act or omission of the Company).
 


 



2





 



2.2.         Authority Relative to this
Agreement.  Each Selling Member has all requisite individual or
corporate power and authority, as the case may be, to enter into and to carry
out all of the terms of this Agreement and all other documents executed and
delivered in connection herewith (collectively, the “Documents”).  All
individual or corporate action, as the case may be, on the part of each Selling
Member necessary for the authorization, execution, delivery and performance of
the Documents by such Selling Member has been taken and no further authorization
on the part of such Selling Member is required to consummate the transactions
provided for in the Documents.  When executed and delivered by each
Selling Member, the Documents shall constitute the valid and legally binding
obligation of such Selling Member, enforceable in accordance with their
respective terms, except as limited by applicable bankruptcy, insolvency
reorganization and moratorium laws and other laws affecting enforcement of
creditor’s rights generally and by general principles of equity.
 
2.3.         Securities
Matters.
 
(a)           Each
Selling Member understands that (i) the Shares have not been registered or
qualified under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the “Securities Act”) or
any state securities or “blue sky” laws, on the ground that the sale provided
for in this Agreement and the issuance of the securities hereunder is exempt
from registration and qualification under Sections 4(2) and 18 of the Securities
Act, and (ii) the Company’s reliance on such exemptions is predicated on the
each Selling Member’s representations set forth herein.

(b)           Each
Selling Member acknowledges that an investment in the Company involves an extremely high degree of
risk, lack of liquidity and substantial restrictions on transferability
and that such Selling Member may lose his, her or its entire investment in the
Shares. Each Selling Member acknowledges he/she/it has carefully reviewed and
considered the risk factors discussed in the “Risk Factors” attached hereto as
Exhibit D (which Risk Factors set forth the risks of the Company on a
consolidated basis after giving effect to the consummation of both this
Agreement and the UDM Purchase Agreement) prior to making an investment decision
pursuant to this Agreement.

(c)           The
Company has made available to each Selling Member or the advisors of any such
Selling Member the opportunity to obtain information to evaluate the merits and
risks of the investment in the Shares, and each Selling Member has received all
information requested from the Company.  Each Selling Member has had
an opportunity to ask questions and receive answers from the Company regarding
the terms and conditions of the offering of the Shares and the business,
properties, plans, prospects, and financial condition of the Company and to
obtain additional information as such Selling Member has deemed appropriate for
purposes of investing in the Shares pursuant to this Agreement. Each Selling
Member has received and reviewed all the information, both written and oral,
that it desires.  Without limiting the generality of the foregoing,
each Selling Member has been furnished with or has had the opportunity to
acquire, and to review: (i) copies of all of the Company’s publicly available
documents, and (ii) all information, both written and oral, it desires with
respect to the Company’s business, management, financial affairs and
prospects.  In determining whether to make this investment, each
Selling Member has relied solely on such Selling Member’s own knowledge and
understanding of the Company and its business based upon Selling Member’s own
due diligence investigations and the information furnished pursuant to this
paragraph.  Each Selling Member understands that no person has been
authorized to give any information or to make any representations which were not
furnished pursuant to this paragraph and such Selling Member has not relied on
any other representations or information.


 



3





 



(d)         Each
Selling Member, personally or through advisors, has expertise in evaluating and
investing in private placement transactions of securities of companies in a
similar stage of development to the Company and has sufficient knowledge and
experience in financial and business matters to assess the relative merits and
risks of an investment in the Company.  In connection with the
purchase of the Shares, each Selling Member has relied solely upon independent
investigations made by such Selling Member and has consulted such Selling
Member’s own investment advisors, counsel and accountants.  Each
Selling Member has adequate means of providing for current needs and personal
contingencies, has no need for liquidity, and can sustain a complete loss of the
investment in the Shares.

(e)   
      The Shares which the Company is to issue
hereunder will be acquired for each Selling Member’s own account, for investment
purposes, not as a nominee or agent, and not with a view to or for sale in
connection with any distribution of the Shares in violation of applicable
securities laws.

(f)          Each
Selling Member understands that no federal or state agency has passed upon the
Shares or made any finding or determination as to the fairness of the investment
in the Shares.

(g)         Each
Selling Member is an “Accredited Investor” as defined in Rule 501(a) of
Regulation D promulgated under the Securities Act.  Each Selling
Member acknowledges that the Shares may be purchased only by persons who come
within the definition of an “Accredited Investor” as that term is defined in
Rule 501(a) of Regulation D promulgated under the Securities Act.

(h)         No
Selling Member has received any general solicitation or general advertising
concerning the Shares, nor is any Selling Member aware of any such solicitation
or advertising.

(i)          Each
Selling Member understands that the Shares will be characterized as “restricted”
securities under federal securities laws inasmuch as they are being acquired in
a transaction not involving a public offering and that under such laws and
applicable regulations such securities may be resold without registration under
the Securities Act only in certain limited circumstances.  Each
Selling Member agrees that such Selling Member will not sell all or any portion
of the Shares except pursuant to registration under the Securities Act or
pursuant to an available exemption from registration under the Securities
Act.  Each Selling Member understands and acknowledges that all
certificates representing the Shares shall bear the following legend or a legend
of similar import and that the Company shall refuse to transfer the Shares
except in accordance with such restrictions:


 



4





 



“THE
SHARES REPRESENTED BY THIS CERTIFICATE HAVE NOT BEEN REGISTERED UNDER THE
SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE “ACT”), OR UNDER CERTAIN STATE
SECURITIES LAWS.  NO SALE OR TRANSFER OF THESE SHARES MAY BE MADE IN
THE ABSENCE OF (1) AN EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION STATEMENT UNDER THE ACT OR (2) AN
OPINION OF COUNSEL THAT REGISTRATION UNDER THE ACT OR UNDER APPLICABLE STATE
SECURITIES LAWS IS NOT REQUIRED IN CONNECTION WITH SUCH PROPOSED SALE OR
TRANSFER.”

2.4.           Full
Disclosure.  No representations or warranties made by any
Selling Member in this Agreement, in any of the exhibits or schedules attached
to this Agreement, or in the schedules, or in any other statements furnished or
to be furnished by the such Selling Member to the Company pursuant to this
Agreement contains any untrue statement of a material fact or omits to state a
material fact necessary to make any statement contained herein or therein not
misleading.  Copies of all documents heretofore or hereafter delivered
or made available to the Company by any Selling Member pursuant hereto were or
will be complete and accurate records of such documents.
 
3.           Representations, Warranties and
Covenants of the Target.  The Target represents, warrants and
covenants to the Company as follows (exceptions to the following representations
and warranties shall be set forth on Schedules 3.1 through 3.22, which
collectively are referred to as the “Disclosure
Schedule”):
 
3.1.           Authority Relative to this
Agreement.  The Target has all requisite corporate power and
authority to enter into and to carry out all of the terms of this Agreement and
all other documents executed and delivered in connection herewith (collectively,
the “Documents”).  All
corporate action on the part of the Target necessary for the authorization,
execution, delivery and performance of the Documents by the Target has been
taken and no further authorization on the part of the Target is required to
consummate the transactions provided for in the Documents.  When
executed and delivered by the Target, the Documents shall constitute the valid
and legally binding obligation of the Target, enforceable in accordance with
their respective terms, except as limited by applicable bankruptcy, insolvency
reorganization and moratorium laws and other laws affecting enforcement of
creditor’s rights generally and by general principles of equity.
 
3.2.           Capitalization of the
Target.  The authorized capital of the Target consists of
Twenty-Eight Thousand (28,000) units, of which the Target Units are issued and
outstanding.  All issued and outstanding Target Units are duly
authorized, validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable, and are held of record
by the Selling Members.  There are no outstanding options, warrants,
rights, subscriptions, calls, contracts or other agreements to issue, purchase
or acquire, or securities convertible into, shares of capital stock or other
securities of any kind representing an ownership interest in the Target and,
except as set forth in Schedule 3.2, no
Selling Member is a party to any proxy, voting trust or other agreement with
respect to the voting of the Target Units.
 


 



5





 



3.3.           Subsidiaries.  Target
has, and as of the Closing Date will have, no subsidiaries.
 
3.4.           Organization and
Standing.  The Target is a limited liability company duly
organized, validly existing and in good standing under the laws of the state of
Nevada and is duly qualified or registered to do business as a foreign
corporation and is in good standing in each jurisdiction in which the character
of the business conducted by it or the location of the properties owned or
leased by it makes such qualification necessary and where the failure to be so
qualified would have a material adverse effect on the Target.  The
Target has the full corporate power and authority to own or lease and operate
its properties and to carry on its business as now being conducted.
 
3.5.           No Default or Legal
Restrictions.  The Target is not in violation of its articles
of organization, limited liability company agreement, or other governing
documents.  The Target is not in default under, or in breach of any
term or provision of, any contract, agreement, lease, license, commitment,
mortgage, indenture, bond, note, instrument or other obligation set forth on
Schedule 3.22
(each a “Contract”) where such
default or breach would have a material adverse effect on the
Target.  The execution and delivery of this Agreement by the Target
and the Selling Members and the consummation of the transactions contemplated
hereby do not and will not violate the articles of incorporation, bylaws or
other governing documents of the Target, and, except where any such conflict,
breach, default or violation would not have a material adverse effect on the
Target, the execution and delivery of this Agreement by the Target and the
Selling Members and the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby do
not and will not (a) conflict with or result in any breach of (or create in any
party the right to accelerate, terminate, modify or cancel) any terms,
conditions or provisions of, or constitute a default under, or require the
consent of any party to, or result in the imposition of any lien or encumbrance
upon any asset or property of the Target pursuant to the terms and conditions
of, any Contract to which the Target or any Selling Member is now a party or by
which any of them or any of their respective properties, assets or rights may be
bound or affected, (b) violate any provision of any law, rule or regulation of
any administrative agency or governmental body, or any order, writ, injunction
or decree of any court, administrative agency, governmental body or arbitrator,
or (c) require any filing with, or license, permit, consent or other
governmental approval of, any federal, state or local governmental body or
governmental agency (including, without limitation, the Securities and Exchange
Commission (the “Commission”), other
than the filing of a From D and similar state securities laws
filings.)
 
3.6.           Compliance with
Law.  The Target is not in violation of any federal, state,
local or foreign law, ordinance, regulation, judgment, decree, injunction or
order of any court, administrative agency or commission or other governmental
entity (“Governmental
Authority”).  The Target has procured and is currently in
possession of all licenses, permits and other governmental authorizations
required by federal, state or local laws for the operation of the business of
the Target in each jurisdiction in which the Target is currently conducting
business, where the failure to possess such licenses, permits and authorizations
would have a material adverse effect on the Target, and there is no basis for
revoking any such license, permit or other authorization.  Except as
otherwise disclosed on Schedule 3.6, such
licenses are in full force and effect and there is no basis for any fines,
penalties, or revocation of such licenses.
 


 



6





 



3.7.         Financial
Statements.
 
(a)           The
Target is currently having an accounting firm authorized to practice before the
Commission conduct (i) an audit of the balance sheet of the Target as of May 31,
2009, and the related statements of operations, shareholders’ equity and cash
flows for the period from inception through May 31, 2009 (the “Target Audited Financial
Statements”), and (ii) a review of the balance sheet of the Target as of
February 28, 2010, and the related statements of operations, shareholders equity
and cash flows for the period from inception through February 28, 2010 (the
“Targeted Reviewed
Financial Statements”, together with the Target Audited Financial
Statements, the “Target Financial
Statements”) and such audit and review shall be completed in sufficient
time to have the Target Financial Statements to be filed as an exhibit to the
Current Report on Form 8-K described in Section 6.4 hereof.  The
Target Financial Statements will be true and accurate, in accordance with the
books and records of Target.  Except as disclosed therein, the Target
Financial Statements (i) will be in accordance with the books and records
of the Target and will be prepared in conformity with generally accepted
accounting principles (“GAAP”) consistently
applied for all periods, and (ii) will fairly present the financial
position of the Target as of the respective dates thereof, and the results of
operations, and changes in shareholders’ equity and changes in cash flow for the
periods then ended, all in accordance with GAAP consistently applied for all
periods.
 
(b)           Except
as set forth on the Target Financial Statements, the Target has no debt,
liability or obligations of any nature, whether accrued, absolute, contingent,
or otherwise, whether due or to become due and whether or not the amount hereof
is readily ascertainable, that will not be reflected as a liability in the
Target Financial Statements or except for liabilities incurred by the Target in
the ordinary course of business, consistent with past practices which are not
otherwise prohibited by, or in violation of, or which will not result in a
breach of, the representations, warranties, and covenants of the Target
contained in this Agreement.  There will be no material loss
contingencies (as such term is used in Statement of Financial Accounting
Standards No. 5 (“FAS
No. 5”) issued by the Financial Accounting Standards Board (the “FASB”) which will not
be adequately provided for in the Target Financial Statements as required by FAS
No. 5.
 
3.8.         Absence of Undisclosed
Liabilities.  The Target does not have any material
liabilities, obligations or claims of any kind whatsoever which are required to
be set forth in financial statements prepared in accordance with GAAP, whether
secured or unsecured, accrued or unaccrued, fixed or contingent, matured or
unmatured, direct or indirect, contingent or otherwise and whether due or to
become due (referred to herein individually as a “Liability” and
collectively as “Liabilities”), other
than (a) Liabilities that are reserved for or disclosed in the Target Financial
Statements, (b) Liabilities that are set forth on Schedule 3.8, (c)
Liabilities incurred by the Target in the ordinary course of business after the
date of the Target Financial Statements (none of which results from, arises out
of, relates to, is in the nature of, or was caused by any breach of contract,
breach of warranty, tort, infringement or violation of law), or (d) Liabilities
for Contracts (other than any express executory obligations that might arise due
to any default or other failure of performance by the Target prior to the
Closing Date).
 


 



7





 



3.9.         Absence of Material Adverse
Changes.  Since the date of the Target Audited Financial
Statements, there has not been any (a) material adverse change in the business,
operations, properties, condition (financial or otherwise) of the Target, (b)
damage, destruction or loss, whether covered by insurance or not, materially and
adversely affecting the business, properties or condition (financial or
otherwise) of the Target, or (c) change by the Target in accounting methods or
principles used for financial reporting purposes, except as required by a change
in generally accepted accounting principles and concurred with by the Target’s
independent certified public accountants.
 
3.10.      
Real
Property.
 
(a)           Schedule 3.10
contains a list of all real property owned by or leased to the
Target.  Neither the Target nor any Selling Member has received any
notification that there is any violation of any law, ordinance or regulation
with respect to such real property that would result in a material fine or
penalty or the abatement of which would require a material capital
expenditure.

(b)           The
Target has good and marketable title to all real property indicated on Schedule 3.10 as
owned by the Target, subject to (i) easements, servitudes and rights-of-way of
record or in actual or apparent use, (ii) any state of facts that a visual
inspection might reveal, (iii) rights of the public in any portion of the
premises that may fall in any public street, way or alley, (iv) zoning laws,
building laws and building restrictions of record, (v) liens for current taxes
not yet due and payable or being contested in good faith by appropriate
proceedings, (vi) liens imposed by law incurred in the ordinary course of
business for obligations not yet due to carriers, warehousemen, laborers,
materialmen and the like, (vii) liens or imperfections of title that do not
materially detract or interfere with the present use or value of such real
property, and (viii) mortgages, liens, encumbrances, claims or restrictions, if
any, that do not materially detract from or interfere with the present use or
value of such real property.

(c)           There
are no pending or threatened condemnation proceedings relating to any real
property owned by or leased to the Target, or other matters affecting materially
or adversely the current use, occupancy, or value of any such real
property.

(d)           There
are no leases, subleases, licenses, material concessions, or other material
agreements, written or oral granting to any party or parties the right of use or
occupancy of any portion of any real property owned by the Target.

(e)           There
are no outstanding options or rights of first refusal to purchase any of the
real property owned by the Target, or any portion thereof or interest
therein.

(f)           The
leases relating to the real property leased by the Target are valid and in full
force and there does not exist any default thereunder that materially detracts
from or interferes with the present use or value of such real
property.


 



8





 



3.11.      
Tangible Personal
Property.
 
(a)           Except
as set forth on Schedule 3.11(a), the
Target has good and marketable title to all tangible personal property it
purports to own as of the date of the Target Audited Financial Statements
(except for personal property sold or otherwise disposed of since the date of
the Target Audited Financial Statements in the ordinary course of business),
free and clear of all mortgages, liens, encumbrances, claims or restrictions
other than (i) liens for current taxes not due and payable or being contested in
good faith by appropriate proceedings, (ii) liens imposed by law and incurred in
the ordinary course of business for obligations not yet due to carriers,
warehousemen, laborers, materialmen and the like, and (iii) mortgages, liens,
encumbrances, claims or restrictions, if any, that do not materially detract
from or interfere with the present use or value of such personal
property.

(b)           All
leases relating to personal property are valid and in full force and there does
not exist any default thereunder where such default would materially detract
from or interfere with the present use or value of such personal
property.

3.12.       Intellectual Property
Rights.  Schedule 3.12
contains a list of all patents, trademarks, trade names, corporate names,
service marks, computer software, customer lists, processes, know-how and trade
secrets (collectively, the “Intellectual
Property”) used in or necessary for the conduct of the business of the
Target or any of the Subsidiaries as currently conducted.  Except as
set forth on Schedule
3.12, the Target owns, or is licensed to use, all of the Intellectual
Property.  No claim has been asserted or threatened by any person with
respect to the use of such Intellectual Property or challenging or questioning
the validity or effectiveness of any such license or agreement with respect
thereto, and the use of such Intellectual Property by the Target does not
infringe on the rights of any other person.
 
3.13.       Taxes.
 
(a)           The
Target has filed all material returns, declarations, reports, claims for refund,
or information returns or statements relating to any Federal, State, local, or
foreign income, gross receipts, license, payroll, employment, excise, severance,
stamp, occupation, premium, windfall profits, environmental, custom duties,
capital stock, franchise, profits, withholding, social security (or similar),
unemployment, disability, real property, personal property, sales, use,
transfer, registration, value added, alternative or add-on minimum, estimated,
or other tax of any kind whatsoever, including any interest, penalty or addition
thereto whether disputed or not (individually, a “Tax” and,
collectively, “Taxes”), and further
including any schedule or attachment thereto, and any amendment thereof, that
the Target was required to file under any Federal, State, local, or foreign laws
(individually, a “Tax
Return” and, collectively, “Tax
Returns”).  All such Tax  Returns were correct and
complete in all material respects.  All Taxes owed by the Target have
been paid when due or adequate provision has been made therefore in the
applicable financial statements.  There are no security interests or
liens on any of the assets or the stock or other securities of the Target that
arose in connection with any failure (or alleged failure) to pay any
Tax.
 


 



9





 



 
(b)           The
Target has withheld and paid all Taxes required by law to have been withheld and
paid in connection with amounts paid or owing to any employee, commissioned
agent, creditor, stockholder, or other third party.
(c)           There
is no dispute or claim concerning any Tax liability of, or attributable to, the
Target (including, without limitation, any dispute or claim with respect to any
jurisdiction in which the Target do not currently file Tax Returns) either (i)
claimed or raised by any authority in writing, or (ii) as to which the Target or
any Selling Member has knowledge.

(d)           The
Target has not waived or extended any statute of limitations in respect of any
assessment or collection of Taxes or any alleged, proposed or actual deficiency
in Taxes or agreed to any extension of time with respect to the filing of any
Tax Return.

(e)           The
Target has not filed a consent under Section 341(f) of the Internal Revenue Code
(the “Code”).

(f)           The
Target has not made any payments, or is obligated to make payments, and is not a
party to any agreement that under certain circumstances could obligate it to
make any payments that will not be deductible under Section 280G of the
Code.

(g)           The
Target has no liability for the Taxes of any person or entity other than the
Target (i) under Section 1.1502-6 of the Treasury Regulations (or any similar
provision of State, local or foreign law), (ii) as a transferee or successor,
(iii) by contract, or (iv) otherwise.

3.14.      Litigation.  Other
than as set forth on Schedule 3.14, there
is no legal, administrative, arbitration or other proceeding, suit, claim or
action of any nature or investigation, review or audit of any kind pending or
threatened against or involving the Target or its assets or
properties.
 
3.15.      Employee Benefit
Plans.
 
(a)           The
Target has complied in all material respects with all applicable laws relating
to the employment of labor, including, without limitation, the Employee
Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended (“ERISA”), and those
relating to wage, hours, collective bargaining, unemployment insurance, workers’
compensation, equal employment opportunity and the payment of withholding taxes,
including income and social security taxes, and has withheld (and paid over to
the appropriate authorities) all amounts required by law or agreement to be held
from the wages or salaries of its employees.

(b)           With
respect to each employee welfare benefit plan of the Target or any of the
Subsidiaries, as defined in Section 3(1) of ERISA (a “Welfare Plan”), and
any deferred benefit plan of the Target, as defined in Section 3(2) of ERISA (a
“Pension
Plan”), there are no actions, suits or investigations or claim pending or
to the best of Seller’s knowledge, threatened with respect to the assets
thereof, other than routine claims for benefits.
 


 



10





 



 
(c)           The
Target has made no contributions to or currently has any obligation to
contribute to (or any other liability, including any potential liability) with
respect to any Welfare or Pension Plan under which any employee was or may be
entitled to any benefit that is a “Multiemployer Plan” as defined in Section
4001 of ERISA or any “Multiemployer Plan” within the meaning of Section 3(37) of
ERISA.  In addition, there are no outstanding or authorized stock
appreciation, phantom stock, profit participation or similar rights with respect
to the Target.
 
3.16.       Environmental and Safety
Laws.
 
(a)           The
Target has complied with all Environmental Requirements (as defined below) and
all health and safety laws, and no action, suit, proceeding, hearing,
investigation, charge, complaint, claim, demand or notice has been filed or
commenced against the Target alleging any failure to so comply, except in each
case where the failure to comply would not have a material adverse effect on the
Target.  The Target has obtained and been in compliance with all of
the terms and conditions of all permits, licenses and other authorizations that
are required under, and has complied with all other limitations, restrictions,
conditions, standards, prohibitions, requirements, obligations, schedules and
timetables that are contained in, all Environmental Requirements and health and
safety laws, except in each case where the failure to comply would not have a
material adverse effect on the Target.

(b)           The
Target has no liability for, and have not handled or disposed of, any Hazardous
Substance (as defined below), arranged for the disposal of any Hazardous
Substance, exposed any employee or other individual to any Hazardous Substance,
or owned or operated any property or facility in any manner that could form the
basis for any present or future action, suit, proceeding, hearing,
investigation, charge, complaint, claim or demand against the Target giving rise
to any liability for damage to any site, location or body of water (surface or
subsurface), for any illness of or personal injury to any employee or other
individual, or for any reason under any Environmental Requirement or health and
safety law, except where any such liability would not have a material adverse
effect on the Company and the Subsidiaries, taken as a whole.

(c)           None
of the following exists at any real property or facility owned or operated by
the Target:  (i) underground storage tanks, (ii) asbestos-containing
materials in any form or condition, (iii) materials or equipment containing
polychlorinated biphenyls, or (iv) landfills, surface impoundments or disposal
areas.

(d)           “Environmental
Requirements” means all applicable statutes, regulations, rules,
ordinances, codes, licenses, permits, orders, approvals, plans, authorizations,
concessions, franchises and similar items, or all governmental agencies,
departments, commissions, boards, bureaus or instrumentalities of the United
States, states or political subdivisions thereof and all applicable judicial,
administrative and regulatory decrees, judgments, and orders that are adopted
and in effect as of the Closing and that relate to the protection of human
health or the environment, including, without limitation, all requirements
pertaining to reporting, licensing, permitting, investigation and remediation of
emissions, discharges, releases or threatened releases of Hazardous Substances,
chemical substances, pollutants, contaminants or hazardous or toxic substances,
materials or wastes whether solid, liquid or gaseous in nature, into the air,
surface water, groundwater or land, or relating to the manufacture, processing,
distribution, use, treatment, storage, disposal, transport or handling of
chemical substances, materials or wastes, whether solid, liquid or gaseous in
nature.


 



11





 



(e)           The
term “Hazardous
Substances” shall include without limitation:  (i) those
substances included within the definition of “Hazardous Substances,” “Hazardous
Materials,” “Toxic Substances” or “Solid Waste” in CERCLA (42 U.S.C. sections
9601 et seq.), RCRA (42 U.S.C. sections 6901 et seq.), the Hazardous Materials
Transportation Action (49 U.S.C. Sections 1801 et seq.) and the TSCA (15 U.S.C.
sections 2601 et seq.) and the regulations promulgated thereunder; (ii) those
substances listed in the United States Department of Transportation Table of
Hazardous Materials (49 CFR 172.101 and amendments thereto); and (iii) such
other substances, materials and wastes that, prior to or as of the Closing, are
classified as hazardous or toxic under federal, state or local laws or
regulations and that are regulated as such under such laws.

3.17.       Accounts
Receivable.  All accounts receivable that are reflected on the
Target Financial Statements or that have arisen since the date of the Target
Financial Statements (except such accounts receivable as have been collected
since the Target Audited Financial Statements) in excess of reserves for
doubtful accounts are valid and enforceable claims and arise out of bona fide
transactions in the ordinary course of business in conformity with the
applicable purchase orders, agreements and specifications.  Such
accounts receivable are subject to no valid defenses or offsets, except such
discounts as are customarily offered to customers in the ordinary course of
business and routine customer complaints or warranty demands that are not
material in nature.
 
3.18.       Inventory.  All
inventory of the Target, whether reflected on the Target Audited Financial
Statements or otherwise, consists of a quality and quantity usable and salable
in the ordinary course of business.  The value of all items of
obsolete inventory and of inventory of below standard quality has been written
down to realizable market value, and the value at which such inventory is
carried reflects the Target’s normal inventory valuation policy of stating its
inventory at the lower of cost or market value, in each case in accordance with
generally accepted accounting principles.
 
3.19.       Brokers or
Finders.  The Target and the Selling Members have engaged no
broker, agent, finder or investment advisor in connection with the transactions
contemplated by this Agreement, and no broker, agent or finder is entitled to
any brokerage or finder’s fee or other commission in respect of this Agreement
or the transactions contemplated hereby.
 
3.20.       Employees.
 
(a)           No
executive, key employee or group of employees has any plans to terminate
employment with the Target.

(b)           The
Target is not a party to or bound by any collective bargaining
agreement.  The Target has not experienced any strikes, grievances,
claims of unfair labor practices or other collective bargaining disputes since
the organization of the Target.
 


 



12





 



 
(c)           Except
as set forth on Schedule 3.20, the
Target is not a party to, and/or is bound by, any employment contract with any
of its employees.

3.21.       Insurance.  The
Target is insured under, or are the owners and beneficiaries under, as
appropriate, the policies listed in Schedule 3.21, copies
of  which policies of insurance have been provided to the
Company.
 
3.22.       Contracts and Commitments;
No Default.
 
(a)           Except
as set forth in Schedule 3.22, the
Target:

(i)           has
no written or oral contract, commitment, agreement or arrangement with any
person which (A) requires payments individually in excess of Fifteen
Thousand Dollars ($15,000) annually or in excess of Fifty Thousand Dollars
($50,000) over its term (including without limitation periods covered by any
option to extend or renew by either party) and (B) is not terminable on
thirty (30) days’ or less notice without cost or other Liability;

(ii)          does
not pay any person or entity cash remuneration at the annual rate (including
without limitation guaranteed bonuses) of more than Fifty Thousand ($50,000) for
services rendered;

(iii)         is
not restricted by agreement from carrying on its businesses or any part thereof
anywhere in the world or from competing in any line of business with any person
or entity;

(iv) 
       is not subject to any obligation or
requirement to provide funds to or make any investment (in the form of a loan,
capital contribution or otherwise) in any person or entity;

(v)          is
not party to any agreement, contract, commitment or loan to which any of its
directors, officers or shareholders or any Affiliate (or former Affiliate)
thereof is a party;

(vi)  
      is not subject to any outstanding sales or
purchase contracts, commitments or proposals which is anticipated to result in
any loss upon completion or performance thereof;

(vii)        is
not party to any purchase or sale contract or agreement that calls for aggregate
purchases or sales in excess over the course of such contract or agreement of
Fifty Thousand Dollars ($50,000) or which continues for a period of more than
twelve months (including without limitation periods covered by any option to
renew or extend by either party) which is not terminable on sixty (60) days’ or
less notice without cost or other Liability at or any time after the Closing;
and

(viii) 
     has no distributorship, dealer, manufacturer’s
representative, franchise or similar sales contract relating to the payment of a
commission.
 


 



13





 



 
(b)           True
and complete copies (or summaries, in the case of oral items) of all items
disclosed pursuant to this Section 3.22 have
been made available to the Company for review.  Except as set forth in
Schedule 3.22,
all such items are valid and enforceable by and against the Target in accordance
with their respective terms, the Target is not in breach, violation or default,
however defined, in the performance of any of its obligations thereunder, and no
facts and circumstances exist which, whether with the giving of due notice,
lapse of time, or both, would constitute such a breach, violation or default
thereunder or thereof; and to the best knowledge of the Target, no other parties
thereto are in breach, violation or default, however defined, thereunder or
thereof, and no facts or circumstances exist which, whether with the giving of
due notice, lapse of time, or both, would constitute such a breach, violation or
default thereunder or thereof.
 
4.           Representations, Warranties and
Covenants of the Company.  Except as set forth in any reports
filed by the Company with the Commission on or before the date of this
Agreement, the Company represents, warrants and covenants to Target and each of
the Selling Members as follows.
 
4.1.          Organization and Good
Standing.  The Company is a corporation duly organized, validly
existing, and in good standing under the laws of the State of Nevada and has
full corporate power and authority to enter into and perform its obligations
under this Agreement.
 
4.2.          Capitalization.  The
authorized capital stock of the Company consists of 525,000,000 shares of Common
Stock, $0.001 par value, of which 42,700,000 shares are issued and
outstanding.  All issued and outstanding shares of Common Stock
immediately prior to the Closing are duly authorized, validly issued, fully paid
and nonassessable.  Except for the items set forth under this Section
4.2 or otherwise set forth in Schedule 4.2, there
are no outstanding options, warrants, rights, subscriptions, calls, contracts or
other agreements to issue, purchase or acquire, or securities convertible into,
shares of capital stock or other securities of any kind representing an
ownership interest in the Company.
 
4.3.          Authority Relative to this
Agreement.  The Company has all requisite corporate power and
authority, to enter into and to carry out all of the terms of the
Documents.  All corporate action on the part of the Company necessary
for the authorization, execution, delivery and performance of the Documents by
the Company has been taken and no further authorization on the part of the
Company is required to consummate the transactions provided for in the
Documents, including, without limitation, the issuance of the
Shares.  When executed and delivered by the Company, the Documents
shall constitute the valid and legally binding obligation of the Company,
enforceable in accordance with their respective terms, except as limited by
applicable bankruptcy, insolvency reorganization and moratorium laws and other
laws affecting enforcement of creditor’s rights generally and by general
principles of equity.

4.4           Issance of
Shares.      The Shares have been duly
authorized and, upon issuance in accordance with the terms hereof, shall be (i)
validly issued, fully paid and non-assessable and (ii) free from all taxes,
liens and charges with respect thereof.  Assuming the accuracy of the
Selling Members’ representations and warranties set forth in Section 2
hereunder, the issuance by the Company of the Shares is exempt from registration
under the 1933 Act.


 



14





 



4.5.         No Default or Legal
Restrictions.  The Company is not in violation of its articles
of incorporation, bylaws or other governing documents.  The Company is
not in default under, or in breach of any term or provision of, any contract,
agreement, lease, license, commitment, mortgage, indenture, bond, note,
instrument or other obligation where such default or breach would have a
material adverse effect on the Company, taken as a whole.  The
execution and delivery of the Documents by the Company and the consummation of
the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby do not and will not violate the
articles of incorporation, bylaws or other governing documents of the Company,
and, except where any such conflict, breach, default or violation would not have
a material adverse effect on the Company, taken as a whole, the execution and
delivery of this and thereby by the Company and the consummation of the
transactions contemplated hereby do not and will not (a) conflict with or result
in any breach of (or create in any party the right to accelerate, terminate,
modify or cancel) any terms, conditions or provisions of, or constitute a
default under, or require the consent of any party to, or result in the
imposition of any lien or encumbrance upon any asset or property of the Company
pursuant to the terms and conditions of, any contract to which the Company is
now a party or by which any of them or any of their respective properties,
assets or rights may be bound or affected, (b) violate any provision of any law,
rule or regulation of any administrative agency or governmental body, or any
order, writ, injunction or decree of any court, administrative agency,
governmental body or arbitrator, or (c) require any filing with, or license,
permit, consent or other governmental approval of, any federal, state or local
governmental body or governmental agency (including, without limitation, the
Commission, other than the filing of a Form D and similar state securities laws
filings).

4.6.         Compliance with
Law.  The Company is not in violation of any federal, state,
local or foreign law, ordinance, regulation, judgment, decree, injunction or
order of any Governmental Authority.  The Company has procured and are
currently in possession of all licenses, permits and other governmental
authorizations required by federal, state or local laws for the operation of the
business of the Company in each jurisdiction in which the Company is currently
conducting business, where the failure to possess such licenses, permits and
authorizations would have a material adverse effect on the Company, taken as a
whole, and there is no basis for revoking any such license, permit or other
authorization.  Such licenses are in full force and effect and there
is no basis for any fines, penalties, or revocation of such
licenses.
 
4.7.         SEC
Reports.
 
(a)           The
Company has delivered, or made available, to Target and the Selling Members its
Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ending November 30, 2009, its Quarterly
Reports on Form 10-Q for the periods ending February 28, 2010 (collectively, the
“SEC
Reports”).  The information in the SEC Reports is true and
correct in all material respects and does not contain any untrue statement of a
material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary in order to make the
statements therein, in light of the circumstances under which they were made,
not misleading.  The Company has filed all quarterly and annual
reports that have been due under the Exchange Act for each of the last two (2)
fiscal years and has filed all quarterly reports due under the Exchange Act in
this current fiscal year.
 


 



15





 



 
(b)           Except
as set forth on the financial statements set forth in SEC Reports, the Company
has no debt, liability or obligations of any nature, whether accrued, absolute,
contingent, or otherwise, whether due or to become due and whether or not the
amount hereof is readily ascertainable, except for liabilities incurred by the
Company in the ordinary course of business, consistent with past practices which
are not otherwise prohibited by, or in violation of, or which will not result in
a breach of, the representations, warranties and covenants of the Company
contained in this Agreement.
4.8.         Absence of Material Adverse
Changes.  Since the date of the financial statements set forth
in the latest SEC Report, there has not been any (a) material adverse change in
the business, operations, properties, condition (financial or otherwise) of the
Company, (b) damage, destruction or loss, whether covered by insurance or not,
materially and adversely affecting the business, properties or condition
(financial or otherwise) of the Company, taken as a whole, or (c) change by the
Company in accounting methods or principles used for financial reporting
purposes, except as required by a change in generally accepted accounting
principles and concurred with by the Company’s independent certified public
accountants.
 
4.9          Trading
Symbol.  The Company’s common stock is currently quoted on the
FINRA’s over-the-counter bulletin board under the symbol
“AWDM.”  There are no circumstances currently in existence that may
cause FINRA to refuse to allow the quotation of the Company’s common stock on
the over-the-counter bulleting board.
 
5.           Conditions
to Closing; Deliveries; Termination.

5.1           Conditions to Obligation of
the Company.  The obligation of the Company to consummate the
transactions contemplated hereby shall be subject to the satisfaction on or
prior to the Closing of the following conditions (any of which may be waived in
writing by the Company):

(a)           the
Target and the Selling Members shall have performed and complied with all
obligations and agreements required to be performed and complied with by it
hereunder on or prior to the Closing (including, without limitation, those
specified in Section
5.4);
(b)           the
representations and warranties of the Target and the Selling Members contained
in this Agreement shall be true and correct as of the Closing Date as if made as
of such date (other than those representations and warranties that address
matters only as of a particular date or only with respect to a specific period
of time, which need only be true and correct as of such date or with respect to
such period);

(c)           there
shall be no order, decree or ruling by any Governmental Authority nor any
action, suit, claim or proceeding by or before any Governmental Authority shall
be pending, which seeks to restrain, prevent or materially delay or restructure
the transactions contemplated hereby or by any Document, or which otherwise
questions the validity or legality of any such transactions;
 



 



16





 





(d)           there
shall be no statute, rules, regulation or order enacted, entered or enforced or
deemed applicable to the transactions contemplated hereby which would prohibit
or, render illegal the transactions contemplated by this Agreement or the
Documents;

(e)           each
of the documents to be delivered by the Target or the Selling Members pursuant
to Section 5.4
shall have been so delivered by the Target or the Selling Members at the
Closing; and
 
(f)           
the Company and Universal Database of Music USA LLC and the members of
Universal Database of Music USA LLC have entered into the UDM Purchase Agreement
on substantially the terms and conditions set forth in this
Agreement.
 
5.2           Conditions to Obligation of
the Target and the Selling Members.  The obligation of the
Target and the Selling Members to consummate the transactions contemplated
hereby shall be subject to the satisfaction on or prior to the Closing of the
following conditions (any of which may be waived in writing by the
Parent):

(a)           the
Company shall have performed or complied with all obligations and agreements
required to be performed or complied with by any of them hereunder on or prior
to the Closing (including, without limitation, those specified in Section
5.3);

(b)           the
representations and warranties of the Company contained in this Agreement shall
be true and correct as of the Closing Date as if made as of such date (other
than those representations and warranties that address matters only as of a
particular date or only with respect to a specific period of time, which need
only be true and correct as of such date or with respect to such
period);

(c)           there
shall be no order, decree or ruling by any Governmental Authority nor any
action, suit, claim or proceeding by or before any Governmental Authority shall
be pending, which seeks to restrain, prevent or materially delay or restructure
the transactions contemplated hereby or any Document, or which otherwise
questions the validity or legality of any such transactions;

(d)           there
shall be no statute, rules, regulation or order enacted, entered or enforced or
deemed applicable to the transactions contemplated hereby which would prohibit
or render illegal the transactions contemplated by this Agreement or the
Documents;

(e)           the
Company shall have obtained on terms and conditions satisfactory to the Target
all consents and approvals of third parties (including Governmental Authorities)
that are required (i) for the consummation of the transactions contemplated
hereby or any Document, or (ii) in order to prevent a breach of, a default
under or a termination, material change in the terms or conditions or material
modification of, any Material Agreement as a result of the consummation of the
transactions contemplated hereby;

(f)           the
Company shall have assumed the Target’s obligation’s under that certain
Subscription Agreement dated March 23, 2010 (the “Subscription
Agreement”) with Professional Capital Partners, Ltd., a British Virgin
Islands company (“PCP”), including
issuance of the Right (as defined in the Subscription Agreement) to
PCP;
 


 



17





 



 
(g)           each
of the documents to be delivered by the Company pursuant to Section 5.3
shall have been so delivered by the Company at the Closing;
(h)           the
Company, Universal Database of Music USA LLC and the members of Universal
Database of Music USA LLC have entered into the UDM Purchase Agreement on
substantially the terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement;
and

(i)       
    the Company shall have secured a policy of directors and
officers liability insurance in an amount of not less than Five Million Dollars
($5,000,000) per director per occurrence.

5.3           Company’s Deliveries at
Closing.  At the Closing, the following documents shall be
delivered (or caused to be delivered) by the Company to the Target and each of
the Selling Members:

(a)           Certificates
representing such Selling Member’s pro-rata share of the Shares as more
particularly set forth opposite such Selling Member’s name on Exhibit A
hereto;
(b)           A
certificate of an officer of the Company, in a form and substance reasonably
acceptable to the Target, dated as of the Closing Date, certifying that (i) all
representations and warranties of the Company made herein are true and correct
as of the Closing Date; and (ii) the Company has performed and complied in all
material respects with all agreements, covenants, obligations and conditions
required by this Agreement to be performed or complied with by the Company on or
prior to the Closing;

(c)           Certified
resolutions of the Board of Directors of the Company authorizing the
consummation of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement, including,
without limitation, resolutions authorizing the issuance of the
Shares;

(d)           Evidence
of Company’s assumption of Target’s obligations under the Subscription
Agreement, including issuance of the Right to PCP;

(e)           Written
resignations of the Existing Officers effective as of the Closing Date in form
satisfactory to Target and the Selling Members;

(f)           Resolutions
of the Board of Directors of the Company, as applicable, appointing the Target
Directors and Target Officers of the Company effective as of the Closing Date in
form satisfactory to the Target and the Selling Members;

(g)           A
fully executed Restricted Stock Agreement by and between the Company and (i)
Jacques Krischer (the “Krischer Restricted Stock
Agreement”) and (ii) Georges Daou (the “Daou Restricted Stock
Agreement,” together with the Krischer Restricted Stock Agreement, the
“Restricted Stock
Agreements”) in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the
Company, duly executed by the Company;
 


 



18





 



 
(h)           Employment
agreements by and between the Company and each of (i) Georges Daou; (ii)
Jonathan Kossmann; and (iii) Jacques Krischer, each duly executed by the
Company;
(i)           A
Form D pursuant to Regulation D promulgated under the Securities Act, the filing
of which will be effected within fifteen (15) days of Closing.

(j)           evidence,
in form and substance satisfactory to the Target, setting forth the agreement of
holders of not less than 32,712,176 shares of Common
Stock to submit their shares for cancellation (the “Cancelled
Shares”);

(k)           Any
notices of sales required to be filed with the applicable federal and state
agencies, which will be filed within the applicable periods
therefor;

(l)           A
certificate of good standing of the Company from the State of Nevada as of the
most recent practicable date; and

(m)           Such
other documents and instruments as shall be reasonably necessary to effect the
transactions contemplated hereby.

5.4.          Selling Members’ and
Target’s Deliveries at Closing.  At the Closing, the Selling
Members shall deliver or cause to be delivered to the Company all of the
following:
 
(a)           Assignments
of Membership Units (or other instruments of transfer) in the form and substance
satisfactory to the Company and duly executed by each of the Selling Members
regarding the transfer of Target Units to the Company;
 
(b)           The
Target Financial Statements;
 
(c)           A
certificate of an officer of the Target, in a form and substance reasonably
acceptable to the Company, dated as of the Closing Date, certifying that (i) all
representations and warranties of the Target made herein are true and correct as
of the Closing Date; and (ii) the Target has performed and complied in all
material respects with all agreements, covenants, obligations and conditions
required by this Agreement to be performed or complied with by the Target on or
prior to the Closing.
 
(d)           A
certificate of the Principal Selling Member (as defined in Section 6.4), in a
form and substance reasonably acceptable to the Company, dated as of the Closing
Date, certifying that (i) all representations and warranties of the Selling
Members made herein are true and correct as of the Closing Date; and (ii) the
Selling Members have performed and complied in all material respects with all
agreements, covenants, obligations and conditions required by this Agreement to
be performed or complied with by the Selling Members on or prior to the
Closing.




 



19





 



 
(e)           The
Restricted Stock Agreements, duly executed by Krischer and Daou, as
applicable;
 
(f)           Employment
agreements by and between the Company and each of (i) Georges Daou; (ii)
Jonathan Kossmann and (iii) Jacques Krischer; duly executed by each of Georges
Daou, Jonathan Kossmann and Jacques Krischer, as applicable;
 
(g)           Fully
executed director appointment letters, indemnification agreements and
confidentiality agreements by and between the Company and each of the Target
Directors;
 
(h)           A
certificate of good standing of Target from the State of Nevada as of the most
recent practicable date; and
 
(i)           Such
other documents and instruments as shall be reasonably necessary to effect the
transactions contemplated hereby.
 
5.5          Termination.  This
Agreement may be terminated at any time prior to the Closing:

(a)           by
mutual consent of the Target and the Company;

(b)           by
either the Target or the Company if the Closing shall not have been consummated
on or before April 30, 2010 (provided that the terminating party is not
otherwise in material breach of its obligations under this Agreement), which
date may be extended by written agreement of the Target and the Company;
or

(c)           by
either the Target or the Company, if a permanent injunction or other order by
any Federal or state court which would make illegal or otherwise restrain or
prohibit the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby shall have
been issued and shall have become final and non-appealable.

5.6          Effect of
Termination.  In the event of the termination of this Agreement
in accordance with this Section 5.6, this
Agreement shall thereafter become void and there shall be no liability on the
part of any party hereto or their respective directors, officers, stockholders
or agents, except that any such termination shall be without prejudice to the
rights of any party hereto arising out of any breach by any other party of this
Agreement.

6.           Covenants.
 
6.1.          Conduct of Business by the
Company Pending the Closing. During the period from the date of this
Agreement and continuing until the earlier of the termination of this Agreement
or the Closing Date, the Company covenants and agrees that, unless Target shall
otherwise agree in writing or as required or permitted under this Agreement, the
Company shall conduct its business only in, and the Company shall not take any
action except in the normal and ordinary course of business in substantially the
same manner as conducted previously; and the Company shall use its commercially
reasonable efforts to preserve substantially intact the business organization of
the Company, to keep available the services of the present officers, employees
and consultants of the Company and its subsidiaries and to preserve the present
relationships of the Company with customers, suppliers and other persons with
which the Company has significant business relations. By way of amplification
and not limitation, except as contemplated by this Agreement the Company shall
not, during the period from the date of this Agreement and continuing until the
earlier of the termination of this Agreement or the Closing Date, directly or
indirectly do, or propose to do, any of the following without the prior written
consent of Target (not to be unreasonably withheld):


 



20





 



(a)           amend
or otherwise change the Company’s articles of incorporation or
bylaws;

(b)           issue,
sell, pledge, dispose of or encumber, or authorize the issuance, sale, pledge,
disposition or encumbrance of, any shares of Company Stock of any class, or any
options, warrants, convertible securities or other rights of any kind to acquire
any shares of Company Stock, or any other ownership interest (including, without
limitation, any phantom interest) of the Company, any subsidiary or any of its
Affiliates (except the exercise of currently outstanding options and warrants in
accordance with their terms);

(c)           (i)
declare, set aside, make or pay any dividend or other distribution (whether in
cash, stock or property or any combination thereof) in respect of any of its
common stock, (ii) split, combine or reclassify any of its common stock or issue
or authorize or propose the issuance of any other securities in respect of, in
lieu of or in substitution for shares of its common stock, (iii) amend the terms
of, repurchase, redeem or otherwise acquire, or permit any subsidiary to
repurchase, redeem or otherwise acquire, any of its securities or any securities
of a subsidiary, except in accordance with preexisting commitments as of the
date hereof, or propose to do any of the foregoing;

(d)           (i)
acquire (by merger, consolidation, or acquisition of stock or assets) any
company, corporation, partnership or other business organization or division
thereof, or enter into or amend any contract, agreement, commitment or
arrangement to effect any such acquisition, (ii) incur any indebtedness for
borrowed money or issue any debt securities or assume, guarantee or endorse
(other than checks in the ordinary course of business) or otherwise as an
accommodation become responsible for, the obligations of any person, or make any
loans or advances; (iii) to provide funds to or make any investment (in the form
of a loan, capital contribution or otherwise) in any entity; (iv) to enter into
or amend any material agreement or contract which provides for the sale,
license, or purchase by the Company or any of its subsidiaries of assets; or (v)
authorize any capital expenditures or purchase of fixed assets which are
individually in excess of $25,000 or, in the aggregate, in excess of
$100,000;

(e)           take
any action to change accounting policies or procedures (including, without
limitation, procedures with respect to revenue recognition, payments of accounts
payable and collection of accounts receivable) (except as required by
GAAP);
 



 



21





 





(f)           make
any material Tax election inconsistent with past practices or settle or
compromise any material federal, state, local or foreign Tax liability or agree
to an extension of a statute of limitations;

(g)           fail
to file, subject to any extension provided under Rule 12b-25 of the Exchange
Act, any quarterly or annual Exchange Act Report on or prior to the date such
report is due or engage in any activity that might cause the
Over-the-Counter-Bulletin Board to refuse to allow the Company’s common stock to
be quoted on the Over-the-Counter-Bulletin Board;
 
(h)           pay,
discharge or satisfy any claims, liabilities or obligations (absolute, accrued,
asserted or unasserted, contingent or otherwise), other than payment, discharge
or satisfaction in the ordinary course of business; and

(i)           engage
in any action or enter into any transaction or permit any action to be taken or
transaction to be entered into that could reasonably be expected to delay the
consummation of, or otherwise adversely affect, any of the transactions
contemplated by this Agreement.

6.2.           Conduct of Business by the
Target Pending the Closing.
During the period from the date of this Agreement and continuing until the
earlier of the termination of this Agreement or the Closing Date, the Target
covenants and agrees that, unless Company shall otherwise agree in writing or as
required or permitted under this Agreement, the Target shall conduct its
business only in, and the Target shall not take any action except in the normal
and ordinary course of business in substantially the same manner as conducted
previously; and the Target shall use its commercially reasonable efforts to
preserve substantially intact the business organization of the Target, to keep
available the services of the present officers, employees and consultants of the
Target and its subsidiaries and to preserve the present relationships of the
Target with customers, suppliers and other persons with which the Target has
significant business relations. By way of amplification and not limitation,
except as contemplated by this Agreement the Target shall not, during the period
from the date of this Agreement and continuing until the earlier of the
termination of this Agreement or the Closing Date, directly or indirectly do, or
propose to do, any of the following without the prior written consent of Company
(not to be unreasonably withheld):

(j)           amend
or otherwise change the Target’s articles of organization or limited liability
company agreement;

(k)           issue,
sell, pledge, dispose of or encumber, or authorize the issuance, sale, pledge,
disposition or encumbrance of, any limited liability company interests of The
Target of any class, or any options, warrants, convertible securities or other
rights of any kind to acquire any limited liability company interests in Target,
or any other ownership interest (including, without limitation, any phantom
interest) of the Target, any subsidiary or any of its Affiliates (except the
exercise of currently outstanding options and warrants in accordance with their
terms);
 


 



22





 



 
(l)           (i)
declare, set aside, make or pay any dividend or other distribution (whether in
cash, stock or property or any combination thereof) in respect of any of limited
liability company interests, (ii) split, combine or reclassify any of its
limited liability company interests or issue or authorize or propose the
issuance of any other securities in respect of, in lieu of or in substitution
for limited liability company interests, (iii) amend the terms of, repurchase,
redeem or otherwise acquire, or permit any subsidiary to repurchase, redeem or
otherwise acquire, any of its securities or any securities of a subsidiary,
except in accordance with preexisting commitments as of the date hereof, or
propose to do any of the foregoing;
 
(m)           (i)
acquire (by merger, consolidation, or acquisition of stock or assets) any
company, corporation, partnership or other business organization or division
thereof, or enter into or amend any contract, agreement, commitment or
arrangement to effect any such acquisition, (ii) incur any indebtedness for
borrowed money or issue any debt securities or assume, guarantee or endorse
(other than checks in the ordinary course of business) or otherwise as an
accommodation become responsible for, the obligations of any person, or make any
loans or advances; (iii) to provide funds to or make any investment (in the form
of a loan, capital contribution or otherwise) in any entity; (iv) to enter into
or amend any material agreement or contract which provides for the sale,
license, or purchase by the Target or any of its subsidiaries of assets; or (v)
authorize any capital expenditures or purchase of fixed assets which are
individually in excess of $25,000 or, in the aggregate, in excess of
$100,000;

(n)           take
any action to change accounting policies or procedures (including, without
limitation, procedures with respect to revenue recognition, payments of accounts
payable and collection of accounts receivable) (except as required by
GAAP);

(o)           make
any material Tax election inconsistent with past practices or settle or
compromise any material federal, state, local or foreign Tax liability or agree
to an extension of a statute of limitations;

(p)           pay,
discharge or satisfy any claims, liabilities or obligations (absolute, accrued,
asserted or unasserted, contingent or otherwise), other than payment, discharge
or satisfaction in the ordinary course of business; and

(q)           engage
in any action or enter into any transaction or permit any action to be taken or
transaction to be entered into that could reasonably be expected to delay the
consummation of, or otherwise adversely affect, any of the transactions
contemplated by this Agreement.

6.3           No
Restructuring. The Selling
Members undertake that, on the Closing Date and for a period of twelve (12)
month thereafter, without the prior written consent of PCP, there will be no
restructuring of Company, such restructuring shall include and not be limited to
any issuances of preferred shares or convertible debt or other securities
convertible into common stock or equity of the Company, or reverse splits or
forward splits or changes in rights of the Common Stock or any issuance of
common stock that disproportionately changes the ownership of PCP versus the
other shareholders. The parties acknowledge and agree that, subsequent to the
Financing, the Company intends on undertaking a financing in which it will issue
and sell up to two hundred (200) Units (as defined below) in the Company for
aggregate proceeds to the Company of up to Five Million Four Hundred Thousand
Dollars ($5,400,000) (the “Subsequent Financing”).  It is anticipated
that Each “Unit” in the Company shall consist of combination of common stock in
the Company and warrants exercisable for common stock in the
Company.  The parties acknowledge and agree that the Subsequent
Financing is not a restructuring event that requires the advance written consent
of PCP pursuant to the provisions of this Section 6.3.
 


 



23





 



6.4.           Form 8-K. The parties
shall prepare a Current Report on Form 8-K regarding terms of the transaction
contemplated by the Documents and the change in control contemplated herein and
such other information that is required in connection with a reverse merger
transaction pursuant to the Exchange Act rules and regulations applicable to a
transaction of this nature, and cause such Current Report to be filed with the
Commission no later than four (4) days following the Closing Date. The Target
and Nicholas Thompson (the “Principal Selling Member”) hereby represent, warrant
and covenant that the 8-K prepared pursuant to this Section 6.4 does not and
will not, contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a
material fact necessary to make any statement contained herein or therein not
misleading; provided, however that the representation, warranty and covenant of
the Target and Principal Selling Member pertains only to those sections of the
8-K which pertain to the business of Target, including the Target Financial
Statements.
 
6.5.           Filings; Consents; Removal
of Objections.  Subject to the terms and conditions herein
provided, the parties hereto will use their best efforts to take or cause to be
taken all actions and do or cause to be done all things necessary, proper or
advisable under applicable laws to consummate and make effective, as soon as
reasonably practicable, the transactions contemplated hereby, including without
limitation obtaining all consents of any person or entity, whether private or
governmental, required in connection with the consummation of the transactions
contemplated herein.  In furtherance, and not in limitation of the
foregoing, it is the intent of the parties to consummate the transactions
contemplated herein at the earliest practicable time, and they respectively
agree to exert their best efforts to that end, including without limitation:
(i) the removal or satisfaction, if possible, of any objections to the
validity or legality of the transactions contemplated herein; and (ii) the
satisfaction of the conditions to consummation of the transactions contemplated
hereby.
 
6.6.           Further Assurances;
Cooperation; Notification.
 
(a)           Each
party hereto will, at and after the Closing, execute and deliver such
instruments and take such other actions as the other party or parties, as the
case may be, may reasonably require in order to carry out the intent of this
Agreement.  Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, at any
time after the Closing, at the request of the Company and without further
consideration, the Target and the Selling Members will execute and deliver such
instruments of sale, transfer, conveyance, assignment and confirmation and take
such action as the Company may reasonably deem necessary or desirable in order
to more effectively transfer, convey and assign to the Company, and to confirm
the Company’s title to, the Target Units.
 
(b)           At
all times from the date hereof until the Closing, each party will promptly
notify the other in writing of the occurrence of any event which it reasonably
believes will or may result in a failure by such party to satisfy the conditions
and covenants specified in Articles 5 and 6 hereof.
 


 



24





 



 
6.7.           Public
Announcements.  On or after the Closing Date, the Company and
the Target shall issue a press release (the “Press Release”) in a
form and substance acceptable to both parties disclosing the execution of this
Agreement.  Other than the Press Release, none of the parties hereto
will make any public announcement with respect to the transactions contemplated
herein without the prior consent of the other parties, which consent will not be
unreasonably withheld or delayed; provided, however, that any of the parties
hereto may at any time make any announcements which are required by applicable
law so long as the party so required to make an announcement promptly upon
learning of such requirement notifies the other parties of such requirement and
discusses with the other parties in good faith the exact proposed wording of any
such announcement.
 
6.8.           Tax Matters; Cooperation and
Records Retention.  The Target and the Company will (i) each
provide the other with such assistance as may reasonably be requested by any of
them in connection with the preparation of any Tax Return, audit or other
examination by any taxing authority or judicial or administrative proceedings
relating to liability for Taxes, (ii) each retain and provide the other with any
records or other information which may be relevant to such Tax Return, audit or
examination, proceeding or determination, and (iii) each provide the other with
any final determination of such audit or examination, proceeding or
determination that affects any amount required to be shown on any Tax Return of
the other for any period.  Without limiting the generality of the
foregoing, the Target and the Company will retain, until the applicable statutes
of limitations (including all extensions) have expired, copies of all Tax
Returns, supporting work schedules and other records or information which may be
relevant to such Tax Returns for all Tax periods or portions thereof ending on
or before the Closing and will not destroy or otherwise dispose of any such
records without first providing the other party with a reasonable opportunity to
review and copy the same.
 
7.           Survival.and
Indemnification
 
7.1.           Survival.  The
representations and warranties of each party hereto shall  survive the
execution of and delivery of this Agreement and the consummation of the
transactions contemplated hereby and the same shall be effective for a period of
one  (1) year from the Closing Date and no longer.  The
covenants and agreements contained in this Agreement shall survive the execution
and delivery of this Agreement and the consummation of the transactions
contemplated hereby and the same shall be effective in accordance with their
respective terms.
 


 



25





 



 
7.2.           Mutual
Indemnification.  Subject to the limitations set forth in this
Article 7, each party each agrees to indemnify and save harmless each other
party from and against any and all losses, liabilities, expenses (including,
without limitation, reasonable fees and disbursements of counsel), claims,
liens, damages or other obligations whatsoever (collectively, “Claims”) that may
actually and reasonably be payable by virtue of or which may actually and
reasonably result from the inaccuracy of any of their respective representations
or the breach of any of their respective warranties, covenants or agreements
made in this Agreement or in any certificate, schedule or other instrument
delivered pursuant to this Agreement; provided, however, that no claim for
indemnity may be made hereunder if the facts giving rise to such Claim were in
writing and known to the party seeking indemnification hereunder, such facts
constituted a breach of the conditions to closing of the party seeking
indemnification and the party seeking indemnification elected in any event to
consummate the transactions contemplated by this Agreement.  In
addition, to the extent that applicable insurance coverage is available and paid
to the party seeking indemnification hereunder with respect to the Claim for
which indemnification is being sought, such amounts of insurance actually paid
shall be deducted from the amount of the Claim for which indemnification may be
sought hereunder and the indemnified party may recover only the amount of the
loss actually suffered by the party to be indemnified.  To the extent
that such insurance payment is received subsequent to payment by the
indemnifying party hereunder, the indemnified party shall reimburse the
indemnifying party, up to the amount previously paid by the indemnifying party,
for the amount of such insurance payment.  For the avoidance of doubt,
the parties acknowledge and agree that Selling Shareholders shall have no
liability under this 7.2 resulting from to the inaccuracy of any of Target’s
representations or the breach of any of Target’s respective warranties,
covenants or agreements made in this Agreement or in any certificate, schedule
or other instrument delivered pursuant to this Agreement
 
7.3.           Procedures for
Indemnification.  Each party agrees to give each other party
prompt written notice of any event or assertion of which it has knowledge
concerning any such Claim and as to which it may request indemnification
hereunder, and each party will cooperate with the other in determining the
validity of any such Claim.  The indemnifying party hereunder shall
have the right to participate in, or control the defense of (with counsel
reasonably satisfactory to the indemnified party), any such Claim for which
indemnification has been requested hereunder.  Each party agrees not
to settle or compromise any such Claim without the prior written consent of each
other party.  The giving of notice to the indemnifying party as
provided herein and the opportunity to participate or control the defense of the
Claim for which indemnification is sought shall be a prerequisite to any
obligation of the indemnifying party to indemnify the indemnified party
hereunder.  Following indemnification as provided hereunder, the
indemnifying party shall be subrogated to all rights of the indemnified party
against all other parties with respect to the Claim for which indemnification
has been made.
 
7.4           Third Party
Beneficiary.  It is understood and agreed that PCP is intended
to be a third-party beneficiary of the rights set forth under this Article
7.
 
8.           Miscellaneous.
 
8.1.           Cumulative
Remedies.  Any person having any rights under any provision of
this Agreement will be entitled to enforce such rights specifically, to recover
damages by reason of any breach of any provision of this Agreement, and to
exercise all other rights granted by law, which rights may be exercised
cumulatively and not alternatively.
 
8.2.           Successors and
Assigns.  Except as otherwise expressly provided herein, this
Agreement and any of the rights, interests or obligations hereunder may not be
assigned by any of the parties hereto. All covenants and agreements contained in
this Agreement by or on behalf of any of the parties hereto will bind and inure
to the benefit of the respective permitted successors and assigns of the parties
hereto whether so expressed or not.
 


 



26





 



 
8.3.           Severability.  Whenever
possible, each provision of this Agreement will be interpreted in such manner as
to be effective and valid under applicable law, but if any provision of this
Agreement is held to be prohibited by or invalid under applicable law, such
provision will be ineffective only to the extent of such prohibition or
invalidity, without invalidating the remainder of this Agreement or the other
documents.
 
8.4.           Counterparts.  This
Agreement may be executed in two or more counterparts, any one of which need not
contain the signatures of more than one party, but all such counterparts when
taken together will constitute one and the same agreement.
 
8.5.           Entire
Agreement.  This Agreement, the Escrow Agreement and the
Documents constitutes the entire agreement and understanding of the parties with
respect to the subject matter thereof, and supersedes all prior and
contemporaneous agreements and understandings.
 
8.6.           Notices. Any notices,
consents, waivers or other communications required or permitted to be given
under the terms of this Agreement must be in writing and will be deemed to have
been delivered: (i) upon receipt, when delivered personally; (ii) upon receipt,
when sent by facsimile (provided confirmation of transmission is mechanically or
electronically generated and kept on file by the sending party); or (iii) one
business day after deposit with a nationally recognized overnight delivery
service, in each case properly addressed to the party to receive the same. The
addresses and facsimile numbers for such communications shall be:

If to the Company:

Atwood
Minerals & Mining Corp.
1400 Old
Country Road, Suite 206
Westbury,
NY 11590
Telephone:
(516) 228-0070
Facsimile:
(516) 228-8083
Attention:
President

With a copy to:

Indeglia
& Carney, P.C.
1900 Main
Street, Suite 300
Irvine,
California 92614
Telephone:
(949) 861-3321
Facsimile:
(949) 861-3324
Attention:  Marc
A. Indeglia, Esq.

                      If
to the Target of the Selling Members:

Phreadz,
USA LLC
63 Main
Street
Farmington,
NJ 08558
Telephone:
(908) 968-0838
Facsimile:  (908)
934-9253
Attention:
Nick Thompson


 



27





 



With a copy to:
 
Foley
& Lardner LLP
402 W.
Broadway, Suite 2100
San
Diego, CA 92101
Telephone:
(619) 234-6655
Facsimile:
(619) 234-3510
Attn:
Kenneth D. Polin, Esq.

Written
confirmation of receipt (A) given by the recipient of such notice, consent,
waiver or other communication, (B) mechanically or electronically generated by
the sender's facsimile machine containing the time, date, recipient facsimile
number and an image of the first page of such transmission or (C) provided by a
nationally recognized overnight delivery service shall be rebuttable evidence of
personal service, receipt by facsimile or receipt from a nationally recognized
overnight delivery service in accordance with clause (i),(ii) or (iii) above,
respectively.

8.7.           Expenses and Attorney
Fees.  The Company, Target and the Selling Members shall each
pay all of their respective legal and due diligence expenses in connection with
the transactions contemplated by this Agreement, including, without limiting the
generality of the foregoing, legal and accounting fees.
 
8.8.           Waiver of
Conditions.  At any time or times during the term hereof, the
Company may waive fulfillment of any one or more of the conditions to its
obligations in whole or in part, and Target or the Selling Members may waive
fulfillment of any one or more of the foregoing conditions to their obligation,
in whole or in part, by delivering to the other party a written waiver or
waivers of fulfillment thereof to the extent specified in such written waiver or
waivers.  Any such waiver shall be validly and sufficiently authorized
for the purposes of this Agreement if, as to any party, it is authorized in
writing by an authorized representative of such party.  The failure of
any party hereto to enforce at any time any provision of this Agreement shall
not be construed to be a waiver of such provision, nor in any way to affect the
validity of this Agreement or any part hereof or the right of any party
thereafter to enforce each and every such provision.  No waiver of any
breach of this Agreement shall be held to constitute a waiver of any other or
subsequent breach.
 
8.9.           Law
Governing.  This Agreement shall be construed and interpreted
in accordance with and governed and enforced in all respects by the laws of the
State of California.
 


 



28





 



 
8.10.        Disputed
Matters.  Except as otherwise provided in this Agreement, each
party hereby agrees that any suit, action or proceeding arising out of or
relating to this Agreement shall be brought in either the United States District
Court for the Central District of California or a Superior Court of the State of
California in the County of San Diego, and the parties hereby irrevocably and
unconditionally submit to the jurisdiction of such courts.  The
parties hereby agree to waive trial by jury in any such suit, action or
proceeding.  The parties irrevocably waive and agree not to raise any
objection any of them might now or hereafter have to the bringing of any such
suit, action or proceeding in any such court including, without limitation, any
objection that the place where such court is located is an inconvenient
forum.  Each party agrees that any judgment or order against that
party in any such suit, action or proceeding brought in such a court shall be
conclusive and binding upon that party and consents to any such judgment or
order being recognized and enforced in the courts of its jurisdiction of
incorporation or organization or any other courts, by registration or entry of
such judgment or order, by a suit, action or proceeding upon such judgment or
order, or any other means available for enforcement of judgments or
orders.
 
8.11.       Attorneys’
Fees.  If any action at law or in equity is necessary to
enforce or interpret the terms of this Agreement, the prevailing party shall be
entitled to reasonable attorneys’ fees, costs and disbursements in addition to
any other relief to which such party may be entitled.
 
8.12.       Delivery by
Fax.  Delivery of an executed counterpart of the Agreement or
any exhibit attached hereto by facsimile transmission shall be equally as
effective as delivery of an executed hard copy of the same.  Any party
delivering an executed counterpart of this Agreement or any exhibit attached
hereto by facsimile transmission shall also deliver an executed hard copy of the
same, but the failure by such party to deliver such executed hard copy shall not
affect the validity, enforceability or binding nature effect of this Agreement
or such exhibit.
 
8.13.       Gender Neutral
Pronouns.  All pronouns and any variations thereof shall be
deemed to refer to the masculine, feminine or neuter, singular or plural, as the
identity of the referenced person, persons, entity or entities may
require.
 
[REMAINDER
OF PAGE INTENTIONALLY LEFT BLANK]


 



29





 



IN
WITNESS WHEREOF, each of the parties to this Agreement has executed or caused
this Agreement to be executed as of the date first above written.
 




“COMPANY”

 
      
 
      



ATWOOD
      MINERALS & MINING CORP,

 
      
 
      



a
      Nevada corporation

 
      
 
      


 
      
 
      
 
      
 
      



By:


  

 
      
 
      



Name: 

 
      
 
      
 
      



Title

 
      
 
      
 
      


 
      
 
      
 
      
 
      



“TARGET”

 
      

“SELLING
      MEMBERS”



 
      
 
      
 
      



PHREADZ
      USA, LLC

 
      

Signatures
      Appear on Exhibit A




a
      Nevada limited liability company

 
      
 
      


 
      
 
      
 
      
 
      



By:


  

 
      
 
      



Name:

 
      
 
      
 
      



Title:

 
      
 
      
 
      





 



30





 



EXHIBIT
A

SELLING
MEMBERS









Signature
      of Selling Member
 
      

Target
      Units Owned

 
      

Shares



 
      
 
      

8,112

 
      

6,489,600




  

 
      
 
      
 
      
 
      



Jonathan
      Kossmann

 
      
 
      
 
      
 
      


 
      
 
      
 
      
 
      
 
      


 
      
 
      

794

 
      

635,200




  

 
      
 
      
 
      
 
      



James
      Hunt

 
      
 
      
 
      
 
      


 
      
 
      

200

 
      

160,000




  

 
      
 
      
 
      
 
      



John
      Wright

 
      
 
      
 
      
 
      


 
      
 
      

847

 
      

677,600




  

 
      
 
      
 
      
 
      



Cecil
      Bernard

 
      
 
      
 
      
 
      


 
      
 
      

1,120

 
      

896,000




  

 
      
 
      
 
      
 
      



Nicholas
      Thompson

 
      
 
      
 
      
 
      


 
      
 
      
 
      
 
      
 
      



GJ
      DAOU & COMPANY, LLC

 
      

3,100

 
      

2,480,000



 
      
 
      
 
      
 
      
 
      
 
      



By: 


  

 
      
 
      
 
      
 
      


 
      

Georges
      J. Daou, Manager

 
      
 
      
 
      
 
      


 
      
 
      
 
      

4,038

 
      

3,230,400



GJD
      HOLDINGS LLC
 
      
 
      
 
      
 
      


 
      
 
      
 
      
 
      
 
      
 
      



By:


  

 
      
 
      
 
      
 
      


 
      

Georges
      J. Daou, Manager

 
      
 
      
 
      
 
      


 
      
 
      
 
      
 
      
 
      
 
      


 
      
 
      
 
      

625

 
      

500,000




  

 
      
 
      
 
      
 
      



Gordon
      Samson

 
      
 
      
 
      
 
      










 



31





 








GROUPMARK
      FINANCIAL SERVICES, LTD.

 
      

2,897

 
      

2,317,600



 
      
 
      
 
      
 
      
 
      
 
      



By: 


  

 
      
 
      
 
      
 
      



Name:

 
      
 
      
 
      
 
      



Title:

 
      
 
      
 
      
 
      


 
      
 
      
 
      
 
      
 
      
 
      


 
      
 
      
 
      

144

 
      

115,200




  

 
      
 
      
 
      
 
      



Dennis
      Josifovich and Tonia Carslon Josifovich

 
      
 
      
 
      
 
      


 
      
 
      

108

 
      

86,400




  

 
      
 
      
 
      
 
      



Louis
      Macaluso

 
      
 
      
 
      
 
      


 
      
 
      
 
      
 
      
 
      


 
      
 
      

72

 
      

57,600




  

 
      
 
      
 
      
 
      



David
      Kelley

 
      
 
      
 
      
 
      


 
      
 
      
 
      
 
      
 
      


 
      
 
      

18

 
      

14,400




  

 
      
 
      
 
      
 
      



Ingrid
      Coffin

 
      
 
      
 
      
 
      


 
      
 
      
 
      
 
      
 
      



SWING
      ROCK TRADING LLC

 
      

36

 
      

28,800



 
      
 
      
 
      
 
      
 
      
 
      



By:


  

 
      
 
      
 
      
 
      


 
      
 
      
 
      
 
      
 
      
 
      


 
      
 
      
 
      
 
      
 
      
 
      



MERCADO
      DE EXPORTACIONES DEL PETROLEO INC.

 
      

72

 
      

57,600



 
      
 
      
 
      
 
      
 
      
 
      



By:


  

 
      
 
      
 
      
 
      


 
      
 
      
 
      
 
      
 
      
 
      


 
      
 
      
 
      

188

 
      

150,400




  

 
      
 
      
 
      
 
      



Ignazio
      Posadino

 
      
 
      
 
      
 
      


 
      
 
      
 
      
 
      
 
      



TELEPERION
      HOLDING, LTD.

 
      

1,267

 
      

1,013,600



 
      
 
      
 
      
 
      
 
      
 
      



By:


  

 
      
 
      
 
      
 
      


 
      
 
      
 
      
 
      
 
      
 
      



JLR
      HOLDING LLC

 
      

1,600

 
      

1,280,000



 
      
 
      
 
      
 
      
 
      
 
      



By:


  

 
      
 
      
 
      
 
      





 



32





 







 
      
 
      

312

 
      

249,600




  

 
      
 
      
 
      
 
      



Gregg
      Greenberg

 
      
 
      
 
      
 
      


 
      
 
      
 
      
 
      
 
      


 
      
 
      

32

 
      

25,600




  

 
      
 
      
 
      
 
      



Richard
      Elliot Square

 
      
 
      
 
      
 
      


 
      
 
      
 
      
 
      
 
      


 
      
 
      

430

 
      

344,000




  

 
      
 
      
 
      
 
      



Walter
      Beach

 
      
 
      
 
      
 
      


 
      
 
      
 
      
 
      
 
      


 
      
 
      

219

 
      

175,200




  

 
      
 
      
 
      
 
      



Ellen
      McDonald

 
      
 
      
 
      
 
      


 
      
 
      
 
      
 
      
 
      


 
      
 
      

219

 
      

175,200




  

 
      
 
      
 
      
 
      



Neil
      Lane

 
      
 
      
 
      
 
      


 
      
 
      
 
      
 
      
 
      


 
      
 
      

312

 
      

249,600




  

 
      
 
      
 
      
 
      



John
      Larkin

 
      
 
      
 
      
 
      


 
      
 
      
 
      
 
      
 
      


 
      
 
      

312

 
      

249,600




KOURI
      GROUP LLC

 
      
 
      
 
      
 
      


 
      
 
      
 
      
 
      
 
      
 
      



By: 


  

 
      
 
      
 
      
 
      


 
      
 
      
 
      
 
      
 
      
 
      



Total:

 
      

27,074

 
      

21,659,200






 



33





 



EXHIBIT
B

TARGET
DIRECTORS

Georges
Daou (Chairman)
Gordon
Samson


 



34





 



EXHIBIT
C

TARGET
OFFICERS

Georges
Daou – Chief Executive Officer
Gordon
Samson – Chief Financial Officer


 



35





 





